Use alloc::vec::Vec instead of Vec for no_std support (#4378)
rustwasm/wasm-bindgen: CHANGELOG.md

* Internal functions are now removed instead of invalidly imported if they are unused.
  [#4366](https://github.com/rustwasm/wasm-bindgen/pull/4366)

> * `web-sys` crate now fully works on `no_std`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed `no_std` support for all APIs in `web-sys`.
```
It sounds like the `std` `Vec` usage was on purpose, it was just an oversight :sweat_smile:!

Just for context: this is always a bug, because crate features have to be additive and they are not supposed to break compilation when you add a crate feature!
